DISTRO_PACKAGE.md: info for packagers and package users (#217)
containers/netavark: DISTRO_PACKAGE.md

> # netavark: A container network stack

Reviewer: I know that you got this from the readme.md, but we should really cap the first letter here, or not cap it down below.  I'd vote for capping, ala Podman instead of podman

This document is currently written with Fedora as a reference. As Netavark
gets shipped in other distros, this should become a distro-agnostic
document.

## Fedora Users
Netavark is available as an officlal Fedora package on Fedora 35 and newer versions.

```console
$ sudo dnf install netavark
```

> After installation, you will need to set `network_backend = "netavark"` under

Reviewer 2: i think this is only if migrating?  Netavark  is only applicable to podman4.0 +

`/usr/share/containers/containers.conf`

If you would like to test the latest unreleased upstream code, try the
podman-next COPR

```console
$ sudo dnf copr enable rhcontainerbot/podman-next

$ sudo dnf install netavark
```

CAUTION: The podman-next COPR provides the latest unreleased sources of Podman,
Netavark and Aardvark-dns as rpms which would override the versions provided by
the official packages.

## Distro Packagers

The Fedora packaging sources for Netavark are available at the [Netavark
dist-git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/netavark).

The Fedora packaged versions of the rust crates that Netavark depends on are
frequently out of date, for example, rtnetlink, sha2, zbus and zvariant at the
time of initial package creation. So, the Fedora package builds Netavark using
the dependencies vendored upstream, found in the `vendor` subdirectory.

The `netavark` binary is installed to `/usr/libexec/podman/netavark`.

## Relationship with the CNI Plugins package

While Netavark is a replacement for CNI Plugins (available as
`containernetworking-plugins` on Fedora), the `netavark` package should be
recommended for new installations but should not conflict with

> `containernetworking-plugins`. To achieve that, we have made the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`containernetworking-plugins`. To avoid that conflict, we have made the following
```

to fetch Podman v4.0 on Fedora 35.

After installation, if you would like to migrate all your containers to use
Netavark, you will need to set `network_backend = "netavark"` under
the `[network]` section in your containers.conf (typically located at:
`/usr/share/containers/containers.conf`

If you would like to test the latest unreleased upstream code, try the
podman-next COPR

```console
$ sudo dnf copr enable rhcontainerbot/podman-next

$ sudo dnf install netavark
```

**CAUTION:** The podman-next COPR provides the latest unreleased sources of Podman,
Netavark and Aardvark-dns as rpms which would override the versions provided by
the official packages.

## Distro Packagers

The Fedora packaging sources for Netavark are available at the [Netavark
dist-git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/netavark).

The Fedora packaged versions of the rust crates that Netavark depends on are
frequently out of date, for example, rtnetlink, sha2, zbus and zvariant at the
time of initial package creation. So, the Fedora package builds Netavark using
the dependencies vendored upstream, found in the `vendor` subdirectory.

The `netavark` binary is installed to `/usr/libexec/podman/netavark`.

> ## Dependency on aardvark-dns

Author: I forgot to mention. I added this section too.
